README.md, before:

# moon-engine
A Game library written with Rust, compiled to WebAssembly and rendered with WebGL2. Intended to be used as my final year project.

Requires node.js and npm to be installed. 
If you do not already have these installed, a manager like [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md) is **HIGHLY** recommended.

## Run Demo

Download the latest package from this repo.

Install light-server using ```npm install -g light-server```

In the root directory of the downloaded folder, run ```light-server --serve .```

### Controls
|Key|Control|
|--|--|
|W|Move Forward|
|A|Move Left|
|S|Move Backward|
|D|Move Right|
|Q|Move Camera Down|
|E|Move Camera Up|

## Instructions
### Install Rust and wasm-pack
Install Rust using [rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

Check that Rust installed successfully using ```rustc --version```

Install [wasm-pack](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/).

### Ensuring npm is up-to-date
Make sure your version of npm is up-to-date with ```npm install npm@latest -g```

### Clone this repository
Either use a client/download this repo as a zip or clone using ```git clone https://github.com/polarvoid/moon-engine.git```

### Final setup
Switch to the moon-engine/moon directory.

```cd moon-engine/moon```

Build the wasm file. The initial run might take a while. Subsequent builds should be faster.

```wasm-pack build```

On a non-Windows system, you will have to change the slashes used in the include_str!() macro from \\ to /. Otherwise, rustc might throw an error at you.

Switch to the www directory and install the node packages.

```
cd www
npm install
```

To run a live development server, use the command ```npm run start```

To build the application, use ```npm run build```. The files will be stored in a folder called dist/ within the www directory.


## Credits

"Matilda" (https://skfb.ly/6zGMG) by nicolekeane is licensed under CC Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Icons made by Icongeek26 from (www.flaticon.com).

Commit message:

Removed QE controls, Added note of Mouse Input

README.md, after:

# moon-engine
A Game library written with Rust, compiled to WebAssembly and rendered with WebGL2. Intended to be used as my final year project.

Requires node.js and npm to be installed. 
If you do not already have these installed, a manager like [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md) is **HIGHLY** recommended.

## Run Demo

Download the latest package from this repo.

Install light-server using ```npm install -g light-server```

In the root directory of the downloaded folder, run ```light-server --serve .```

### Controls

Click anywhere on the Canvas to control the demo, and Esc to leave it

|Key|Control|
|--|--|
|W|Move Forward|
|A|Move Left|
|S|Move Backward|
|D|Move Right|

Mouse movements to llook around

## Instructions
### Install Rust and wasm-pack
Install Rust using [rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

Check that Rust installed successfully using ```rustc --version```

Install [wasm-pack](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/).

### Ensuring npm is up-to-date
Make sure your version of npm is up-to-date with ```npm install npm@latest -g```

### Clone this repository
Either use a client/download this repo as a zip or clone using ```git clone https://github.com/polarvoid/moon-engine.git```

### Final setup
Switch to the moon-engine/moon directory.

```cd moon-engine/moon```

Build the wasm file. The initial run might take a while. Subsequent builds should be faster.

```wasm-pack build```

On a non-Windows system, you will have to change the slashes used in the include_str!() macro from \\ to /. Otherwise, rustc might throw an error at you.

Switch to the www directory and install the node packages.

```
cd www
npm install
```

To run a live development server, use the command ```npm run start```

To build the application, use ```npm run build```. The files will be stored in a folder called dist/ within the www directory.


## Credits

"Matilda" (https://skfb.ly/6zGMG) by nicolekeane is licensed under CC Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

Icons made by Icongeek26 from (www.flaticon.com).
